shifting focus back to the stuffed dog digital website. I want this site to really stand out so we're going to go with some cool scroll animation of our mascot smashing a watermellon in a thousand little pieces. Lets figure a way to put something smart around him. Here are some words written to give you some direction. I need color pallet, fonts (no serifs), copy and direction on how this can come together. I'm going to need you to put your human hat on as that's we go to market... Vive La Humanity. I've also inlcuded links to things like our portfolio and our case studies. 

www.stuffeddogdigital.com
sample work: https://stuffeddog4zach.netlify.app/
Outback case study: https://outback-case-study.netlify.app/
case studies: https://sddworksamples.netlify.app/

We aspire to create work that outlives campaigns, websites, and advertisements.
Work that inspires pride.
Work that strengthens communities.
Work that helps organizations leave their mark on the people they serve.
As we grow, we will remain grounded in the belief that relationships matter more than transactions, character matters more than recognition, and purpose matters more than profit.
Success will never be measured solely by revenue, awards, or impressions.
It will be measured by the stories we help tell, the people we help succeed, and the impact those stories continue to make long after our work is complete.
We don't want to be the biggest agency.
We want to be the one people trust when the story matters most.
We elevate work, drive
revenue, sell ideas, and
build trust. Our goal is to
make everything around us
better, and our superpower
is our empathy. We’re
advocates for amplifying
the humanity in the work.

We help brands punch above their weight.
We build brands, sharpen stories, create momentum, and drive growth. We believe the most powerful marketing starts with understanding the people behind the business.
We take it personally because, to us, it is.
We help good organizations get the recognition they deserve and the confidence to compete with anyone.

